welcome back to recap in minutes in today's
video we will be going through a 2021 american
horror and triller movie called malignant
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in 1993 at the simeon research hospital dr weaver
is recording a video log regarding someone named
gabriel and how he has become more unstable dr
weaver is then alerted that gabriel has broken
free and is going on a rampage several hospital
staff members are brutally killed by gabriel in
a locked room a security tries to tranquilize
gabriel but he breaks his arm finally dr weaver
is able to tranquilize him she and her colleagues
are able to enter they find the corpses of the
staff we see a pair of a child's leg and then
they manage to grab and detain gabriel when
dr weaver addresses gabriel a glimpse is shown
of a grotesque creature screeching at everyone
gabriel also causes the lights to flicker and
uses a radio to project his thoughts saying
he will kill them all dr weaver then declares
it's time to cut out the cancer in the present day
madison is on her fourth pregnancy after
suffering three previous miscarriages she lives
with her husband derek who is abusive and useless
derek blames madison for the loss of the babies
and during a heated argument he throws her so
hard against the wall that he cracks her head open
and leaves a huge hole in the wall derrick quickly
tries to apologize and goes downstairs to get
some ice before madison locks herself
in her bedroom with her head bleeding
later that night madison sleeps while
derek hears a noise in the living room
he sees the blender has been turned on and
also the fridge suddenly opens on its own
he finds a shadowy figure appearing to watch
tv but when he turns on the lights nobody is
there anymore derek is stalked by the figure
until it hits his head hard against the wall
madison suddenly wakes up still bleeding
and goes downstairs to see what is going
on where she finds derek's body appears to have
mangled his body the dark figure then appears to
chase madison through the house until she gets
knocked unconscious paramedics and authorities
come upon the mitchell house and take madison to
the hospital she is met by her sister sydney who
tells her that she was attacked derek is dead and
what's worse is that she has lost her baby again
madison wails in agony madison's room
is later visited by detective shaw
who speaks to sydney as madison cannot speak she
tells shaw that derek kept her away from madison
so she never knew how abusive he was to her
or that madison suffered previous miscarriages
shaw's partner detective moss tells him there
is no print on derek's body and suspects that
madison killed derek herself for all the abuse two
weeks later madison returns home and tries to get
her life back to normal she hears noises and sees
what looks like a shadowy figure outside on the
street from her window the next morning she blocks
every openings with wood planks for protection
when sydney comes to visit later madison tells her
something that she never knew before sydney was
born madison was adopted by sydney's parents when
she was about nine years old which leaves sydney
in shock the next scene an unnamed woman is acting
as a tour guide for a group of people checking
an underground exhibit when the group leaves the
woman is left alone and is stalked by the figure
he attacks her and later brings her to an attic
where he keeps her tied up the figure demand to
make a call to dr weaver at her home now aged dr
weaver gets a call from the figure and hears it's
time to cut out the cancer she quickly remembers
and brings out a file looking at a picture
at night madison tries to do laundry but she is
startled when she sees what looks like dr weaver
yelling at her asking why she is in her house
madison then sees the figure approaching dr weaver
madison remains frozen in place and the
surrounding transforms into dr weaver's house
through a staticky television he utters
the words it's time to cut out the cancer
dr weaver knows it's gabriel and he proceeds to
throws her around and grab a pointy trophy to stab
dr weaver to death madison suddenly finds herself
back at her house and gabriel then takes the sharp
end of the trophy and makes his own weapon out
of it shawn moss later go to dr weaver's home and
investigate the crime scene finding a picture of
a girl named emily may and then taking dr weaver's
patient records as evidence dr victor fields a
former colleague of dr weavers overhears about
her death and is mortified by the circumstances
dr field is stalked by gabriel as well as he
settles in for bed madison tries going to bed but
sees dr fields in the bed next to her as gabriel
takes his weapon and proceeds to gruesomely stab
fields in the face and neck then madison suddenly
wakes up from her bed madison and sydney go to
shaw and moss with a description of her vision
they find the apartment building but shawn
and moss are forced to go knocking on all the
doors on the top floor until they find field's
room and discover his corpse when they go back
to the station madison tries to identify the
killer but can only come up with a monstrous
facial description she goes to the bathroom
and gets a phone call from an unknown number
it is gabriel speaking to her telling madison that
her real name is emily madison addresses gabriel
by name meaning she does remember him madison and
sydney go to the home of their mother gene who
becomes mortified when madison brings up gabriel
she gives the ladies a videotape of madison as a
child after her adoption who appears to be talking
to gabriel as though he was an imaginary friend
another tape shows madison on christmas talking
to gabriel on the phone and asking him not to
kill baby sydney shaw does more research into dr
weaver's work and learns of another colleague dr
john gregory involved in procedures with gabriel
sure enough madison sees herself in dr gregory's
home just before gabriel gets to him shaw finds
gregory's address and attempts to find him but he
ends up too late and discovers gregory's corpse
in a bathtub full of blood madison still finds
herself seeing the scene in the bathroom as shaw
enters and tries to warn him as gabriel appears
he nearly kills shaw but he shoots at gabriel
who proceeds to flee through the fire escape
shaw chases him and ends up in a dark alley
where gabriel nearly gets him again but the
villain ends up escaping shaw and moss meet with
madison and sydney again plus a hypnotherapist as
they try to get madison to remember her childhood
connection to gabriel they know now that dr weaver
and her team had madison or emily as a case study
madison remembers that gabriel would speak to her
as a child and do bad things that she would get
blamed for like putting his finger through a cake
or even going as far as to get madison to hold
a knife and nearly killed her adoptive parents
madison starts freaking out saying that
gabriel was always making her take the blame
but she is snapped out of it moments later
the captured woman breaks free from her bonds
but as she tries walking away she falls through
the floor and lands in madison's living room
the woman is taken to the hospital and
madison is taken into custody for kidnapping
shaw and moss interrogate madison where she
gets angered at the accusations to the point
where she yells and causes all the lights to break
shaw's phone then rings and gabriel's voice speaks
to taunt them this shows madison innocence
sydney gets the simeon hospital's address
where madison was adopted and goes out to
find the place is now an abandoned building
she breaks in and manages to find tapes on emily
she brings them home so she and jean can watch
they learn that madison's biological mother serena
had given up her children to the hospital because
she was 15 and they were the product of rape
which jean didn't know about since the hospital
told her that madison's mother died they see
dr weaver doing a test with madison as she says
that gabriel speaks to her and the camera pans
over to reveal the truth gabriel is a formerly
conjoined parasitic twin akin to a teratoma tumor
in the back of madison's head dr weaver and her
team surgically removed gabriel from her body but
fearing that they might accidentally kill madison
they took out only as much as they could while
the rest of gabriel remained dormant in her head
the visions that madison had seen were gabriel
projecting images into her mind that made her
think she was living normally in her house when
in reality he was taking over her body and using
it to carry out the murders when derek smashes
madison's head against the wall that brought
gabriel back out and explains why madison always
wakes up with her head bleeding after seeing what
gabriel did as this happens shaw learns from
sydney that the captive tour guide is serena
madison is in a prison cell with other women who
quickly antagonize her and two of them begin to
assault her gabriel proceeds to take over
revealing his hideous face from the back of
madison's head gabriel slaughters all the women in
the cell one by one and breaks free when a guard
comes by to stop him he recovers his signature
suit and weapon before he rampages through the
station and murders other guards sean and moss
get to the scene to subdue gabriel but later get
knocked out with a chair gabriel then proceeds to
the hospital where serena is admitted on the other
hand sydney is in the hospital to meet serena once
she gets there gabriel kills one guard by frying
his pacemaker and shoots him gabriel makes it
to serena's room while trying to kill sydney for
madison choosing her over him as sibling serena
wakes and apologizes to gabriel for giving him up
at the moment shaw appears behind and shoots
gabriel in return he hurls his weapon at
shaw's chest and wounds him sydney tries to stop
gabriel from killing serena he throws a hospital
bed at her and appears to crush her as she tries
telling the subconscious madison that gabriel was
responsible for her miscarriages as he was feeding
off the fetuses to regain power gabriel shoots
sydney in the head before going after serena she
begged for her life but still kills her saying
that it's her fault that he's a monster suddenly
the whole scene turns dark then madison's voice
calls out saying that gabriel was always a monster
it turns out that she has now learned his mind
manipulation skills and forced gabriel to see what
she wants meaning he didn't kill sydney or serena
madison regains control of her mind and body and
creates a prison for gabriel to be trapped in
never to allow him to hurt anybody ever again all
he can do is screen in futility from behind bars
madison helps take the bet off
sydney and she embraces her
saying that she has always been her true
sister thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded